look at you I'm enjoying this Jim I wish
we had a speed bag that's my favorite
thing to one test Steve Sweeney ladies
and gentlemen how are you hey I'm great
I can't wait you know what I've done so
many things in my life you know movies
TV all this stuff stand up but Joe Rogan
oh my god Jack and Boston Jesus your run
Joe broken yeah I get you got fans you
know that like all these different ages
and all different kinds of people and uh
I'm very proud of you thank you one of
the things that happened you don't
remember this but you opened for me many
times louis c.k opened for me Nick
DiPaolo open for me so people that want
a little show business advice open for
me it helps then then you get to go by
me and you know I get to watch you guys
become stars I've said I'm playing
fucking Chinese restaurants and Saugus
some of the best stand-up comedy in the
world is at Chinese restaurants in
Saugus and that's a fact still to this
day all those people that live there
they don't know how good they have it
well you know what it is I you know you
work with these guys you and I have
worked with guys that are like genius
you know what rent something whatever
word you want to use but doing stand-up
is not about being funny it's about
going into these shitholes and like
developing this extra skin you know
you're a martial artist and sort of you
have some kind of that mentality but you
know when I started it was like I came
from you know I was an actor I was very
serious person I was like an actor you
know that I do like these obscure
impressions I'd Paul Scofield and
Lawrence the Laurence Olivier you know
all right so nuts and all this bullshit
and I'd be playing at places like the
Sugar Shack
do you remember the negative it was a
black R&B joint and I opened for BB King
Wow
yeah and I'm doing like John Lennon it
was very important when we started them
in the
do some dirty shit man what the fuck you
doing don't you know any jokes so in the
back
I can't heckle my first heckler Oh sack
and I said yeah fuck you who you he says
I'm BB King I hired you motherfucker
oh no and then I was doing I will never
forget this do you remember the channel
the channel yeah yeah yeah yeah rock and
roll place so I'm opening for like these
bands you know it was like that Blues
Brothers scenes with a throwing shit at
the cage yeah so the bouncer he says you
know point to people and we'll throw
them out so I'd point to them but then
they bring them out in the alley and
beat the shit out of them you know but I
I'm thinking because you're a martial
artist so I've kind of got this thing
about people and fighting and growing up
in Charlestown and I think back on
certain incidents when I was starting to
and stand-up and I was at this place on
Comm Ave and this guy stole one of my
lines no I know that you're big into
that right so he goes off stage I hit
him with a right cross goes over the
tables and I'm thinking to myself my
friend I thought you wanted to be
Jonathan winters and Ritz they don't do
shit like that and then another time we
were at the ground round in Brighton
I'll never forget round round yeah I'll
never forget this Joe
so amonst the guy on before me the guy
in the audience is throwing little ice
things at him right so I said my opening
line usually you try to get the audience
to like you you know or make them laugh
or whatever
so my opening line was like the first
motherfucker that throws something at me
I'm gonna knock them out you know you're
not exactly setting the stage for a
hilarious comedy but you know I really
work what's that how's that work out
terrible I bombed you know people think
you know when you do this for a while
you've never bought I mean there's no
experience in a life like bombing in
Louisville Kentucky I'll never forget
that and a guy comes up to me afterwards
and he says and he was trying to make me
feel good he says well I could tell by
your tone
funny uh no but I'm doing shit like
about subways and stuff they don't even
know what they are right so those early
years there was like one there wasn't
even a comedy club so you just kind of
did it I fell into it what year did you
start oh my god people you know people I
am now at that point Joe where people
come up to me and you know they say I'm
so glad to see you I keep telling my
husband I'm Tom he's not dead
he has not died so it's been like 30 or
40 years I don't remember the year but I
remember the over the year you started
no I don't remember
I started in 88 and you were a legend I
was in 88 yeah you were for sure dude I
watched you one night at Nick's calm me
stop kill so hard I start I thought
about quitting because I had only been
doing comedy like a year I was like fuck
this I gotta get the fuck out you know
you know when I had that feeling Richard
Pryor's first performance film do you
remember yeah yeah yeah Richard Pryor
live he filled it in Long Beach I was I
went to see that with Steven Wright and
both of us walked out we said we don't
even want to do this you know it's it
was so intimidating yeah I know that
feeling man yeah well you know we got
that feeling a lot in Boston and as as a
kid starting out there it was I tell
everybody that I stumbled into the the
greatest comedy scene in the history of
the known universe in 1988 when I
started it was insane it was insane Don
Gavin was in his prime you were in your
prime Rogerson I would watch these guys
go up talk about there was so many guys
that were so fucking good NOx was
killing back then there was so many guys
that you would go any night you would go
and watch some of the best stand-up
comedy on the planet it was it was
amazing Mike Donovan Mike Donovan to
this day people don't know Mike Donovan
is really he was a physician Johnny most
do you know Johnny most most people
don't know
yeah he would do this long but you know
what job but it's funny you say in your
prime because and I've talked to people
who've been in it longer than me this is
one job where you can get better yes you
can get better more skillful you know
but it's something that you you know you
just have to give the finger to the
business because they're looking for the
fat guy the small guy the black guy that
you know they're they're always looking
for something other than what you are
right so you do what you do like you've
done what you did you know the business
in terms of like movies and television
shows yeah they will try to lure you
away and they lure you away with money
but the business of stand-up comedy is
really about what you do in front of
that microphone you know how the
audience responded on stage
I followed a woman and she had a lot of
TV credits but she had no material and
it was unbelievable you know you forget
when you do something you forget it's
like you're a trained fighter you're
trained radio person you forget that in
order to do it you've developed a
certain set of skills yeah and like in
Boston they have a st. Patrick's Day
breakfast where the politicians try to
be funny and it's it's excruciating you
know what I mean and you forget oh yeah
I do this all the time it'd be like me
trying to give a speech before I came on
this show I talked to Nick DiPaolo
you know your buddy sure and he says
well Joe and I always talk about
politics and I said well no nobody help
himself
not nobody nobody talks to me about
politics I'm just not that smart good
I'm done with politics I'm gonna quit
yeah yeah you know where we are in this
country now is like well I I kind of uh
I don't like to not like someone because
of what they believe so I just kind of
do silly shit I was thinking the other
day with the Democrats you know that I'm
gonna run I'm gonna run and they but
they've got the moderate lane the
progressive Lane so I'm gonna run in the
breakdown lane you know just a silly
little shit you know
now I try to you know keep it upbeat
whatever but I got into this I fell into
this because I kept thinking I'm gonna
get an acting job and I won't do
stand-up this is gonna fucking end at
some point you know what I mean right
and I have you know I like people
the kids would will actually ask me for
advice and I say advice are you shitting
me I fell into this shit I expected at
the end but I say alright you want some
advice don't ever work at a place that's
named after the guy like if it's Vinny's
fuckin pizza parlor or a Joey shit hole
of Bobby's money-making piece of shit
when it's named after the guide you know
it's never enough you know on Nick's
comedy style Nick's now I'm gonna do
something feel okay we're gonna play a
little scene okay now you ask me say is
Nick's a mafia joint is Nick somavia
joint yeah is this Nick still around a
hundred percent yeah Nick's is around
was it the same ownership and do you
know that there isn't one inch of that
building that I didn't do coke and I
believe that it was it was really
something I mean I mean it was like I
know that you know I lived in LA many
years ago and it's like I'm driving
around say oh I know that's what so with
Nick's I know every spot the building by
the way I didn't know that this was a
camp area though she all the campers
yeah right out in front of your place
they're everywhere
well they find these side streets where
the ops won't kick them out yeah and
semi homeless people they're not
homeless they just have mobile homes you
know what it is the homeless people here
are so peaceful they're like uh like the
caravan you know they just they don't
bump change they don't do anything they
just kind of walk around I'm sitting in
front of a building here it was like a
fashion show for the homeless one guy
comes by with a Buffalo Bills jacket and
the other guys then you know and they're
just quietly talking themselves some and
you know it's freaking me out I've only
been here 12 hours but everybody is
either really
I've spoken or I'm losing my fucking
hearing because like even at though I'm
rent in the car and the woman says did
you wanted them on do you want to sit I
said what what did you want to sign
that's what you know in Boston be like
what do you want for a cat you want to
be upgraded you know it's like the noise
pollution
well it's louder there and colder and
people are angrier it's a different
place out here it's just even the
homeless people they don't have it so
rough if you're gonna be a homeless
person this is the place to go people
are very open-minded it's relaxed it's
warm I mean the cold as it gets is like
40 that's as cold as it ever gets
yeah but you know at if you're giving
advice to homeless people it's like like
I was I was sitting in Westwood and a
Starbucks right and it's the guy was
just sitting there you know and all
these people are having their lattes and
shit and he's just you know one of those
crazy laughs everybody's just going
along with their conversation you know
the I don't know what to say about the
homeless thing have you ever been in
downtown you ever seen I myself was
homeless when I was like 16 I was a
hippie my mother passed away when I was
15 and it was a different time you know
no I haven't bent down you you were
almost for like how long I was a hippie
and it's different than being homeless
but a couple of years really yeah I I
you know the worst moment I was lying I
was downstairs in this guy's house and I
overheard his girlfriend saying no he
was saying to his girlfriend I don't
know I keep asking the guy to leave but
you know I was you know I here's what
happened to me Joe
I read Jack Kerouac on the road okay so
I wanted to beat Jack Kerouac and I want
to be a writer so I did everything that
Kerouac did except rights you know I was
living in YMCAs and drinking the wine
and the whole thing but it was a whole
different country then why didn't you
start writing was it one of those things
like eventually you'll start writing
all right I wanted to be a writer I
didn't want to fucking right you know
what I mean right look you ready the
artist you don't want to paint
Brett writing is the hardest job in the
world I don't know how people do it but
we did this movie which I'd like to
mention it bill Broadus wrote this movie
it's called Sweeney killing Sweeney and
you can get it on iTunes it's not right
now pre-order it once it out it's gonna
be the middle of March but they can
pre-order it ok but this guy bill
brought us wrote this script and I'd
like my twenty-something movie I've been
in a lot have done a lot of acting and I
said this thing is so good and I wanted
to be able to get guys who I knew were
tremendously talented to not be in these
clubs you know it's very like demeaning
sometimes you know for a guy who's
really good at what he does and
somebody's like texting and you know all
this bullshit like I had a woman you
know usually I'm like ok about it you
know I say okay listen you're putting us
out of work like in the future I'll text
you a joke then you text back lol you
know silly little shit but I had one
woman and she's the arrogance you know
and it was a benefit to and she's doing
this and she said soak I can multitask
so I said oh okay so when I stick it up
your ass you're still gonna be able to
talk and everything you know I mean so I
see guys like Steven Wright who's in the
movie Nick DiPaolo Bobby Slayton
Jonathan Katz you know all different
styles of comedy took Lenny Clarke and
Tony v and Frank Santorelli I wanted to
I wanted to see them get into something
where we could really work you know and
they all did it they're all in the movie
and it was a fantastic experience woman
director Lisa mola and was just it was
great it's first time I produced a movie
which is really hard what is it a
dramatic movie like what is it I'll tell
you the plot briefly you know I guess
it's a comedy but it has its moments is
the HBO maybe or Showtime or some
company comes to town and they want me
but they say the characters are too
local got to get rid of the characters
so then my characters try to kill me so
I plays by different part six like a
Peter Sellers kind of thing okay from
Doctor Strange so like you're losing
your mind like your character's eternal
you gotta figure that out okay okay you
don't know whether I'm losing my mind
but I had just come off the equalizer
with Denzel Washington I was in that and
that was an interesting experience
because like I got this beard you know
and um the director would did training
day he said to me you know you got to
shave your beard and I said listen man I
saw my face twenty-five years ago
scared the shit out of made this beard
is here for a reason I'm the most ugly
motherfucker I've ever seen I can't do
it then he told me how much money I was
gonna make I said would you like me to
shave my balls too
similar experience Something About Mary
so my scene if you haven't seen it Ben
Stiller's things caught in a zipper so I
I'm the cop I come in the window and
Peter was directed I said you know I
don't have to grab his crotch right he
says yeah you're an actor you gotta grab
it I said anything against it but I just
I just can't do it then he told me how
much money I was gonna make I said you
want me to just grab it cuz I'll give it
him anyway uh that was my experience
with that do you really feel like it's
demeaning working clubs I still enjoy
working clubs I love it
I mean out here of course we do the
comedy store all the time I do the
improv but some clubs on those audiences
are easy they're great they're there
laughs you mean like shitty clubs
you mean like bar gigs you know here's
the thing is when I'm on stage I'm okay
you know
but when I'm driving to fucking East
Methuen Elks Club it bothers you that I
get a fuckin depression you wouldn't
believe it's funny but you start to feel
old
in the day like driving to those gigs
was awesome
like something shifts like what is it
that shifts is it is it in your own head
is it is it just that you've done too
many you know what I think shifts is you
stop drinking I've been sober 26 years
that's the problem as well yeah I'd say
to be sure I kept drinking my career to
be through the roof you know know there
are great clubs giggles is a great club
it's great club rude wine on saw good
pizza - and good pizza and I'll do a
theater I love that I'm just giving you
the other side of the story because you
know people do get into this and they
don't have an idea of what the life is
like yeah you know what I mean to be on
the road and like a lot of my friends
and now doing cruise ships those are
depressing you're trapped and if you eat
shit on a cruise ship yeah you you're
stuck with those people for seven days
well that's that's the problem and they
keep coming up to you you were awful you
personally ruined our whole vacation
we're from Ohio we had never even seen
the ocean you ruined it and then they'll
say yeah this is true you know saying oh
you stay on the ship no actually I swim
next the ship then what were 150 miles
out in the shark-infested water they
scooped me up tell a few stupid jokes
then they throw me overboard you know I
I got fired from a cruise ship for the
weirdest for religious joke and you know
I said this this dumb joke about Mitt
Romney because it's hard being a Mormon
in Massachusetts it was always just me
and mitt I thought I was Mormon my
father kept saying you're a moron so
silly little joke and they that's what
they complained I heard you for that
they complained about I never heard in
any way with those cruise ships you know
it's it's really good if you if you are
an active alcoholic you'll knock it's
wonderful or if you're addicted to food
oh my god yeah the lunch buffet the
breakfast buffet the midnight buffet I
know it's like a you you go on you look
like a normal human being you get off
this ship
feel like waddling yeah yeah there's a
lot of there's no manufactured some fun
it's like I love your warehouse here and
everything you know what I like about
its quiet
you know the one of these gyms sound
sound and these cruise ships you can't
even go to the pool without hearing 80's
disco you know it's like this thing have
a good time if you not having a good
time there's something fucked up about
you you know have a good time
well I think what they're trying to do
hippety activities give people something
to fill their time with whether they're
stuck on a floating vessel yeah yeah I'm
not interested I mean I still love clubs
I still enjoyed going to clean you know
what's great in a club I'm a time I
probably overstated the other one but
I'll tell you what does shift this when
people are there to see you that's good
yeah that's a nice thing because then
you're actually able to make people feel
good and in service but I've always had
the same problem Joe is when people try
to help you by heckling or whatever and
they think you know this is helping
whatever I it's it's like you know
you're a fighter you you feel that
temper come up you know when it comes up
quick and you got a you got to contain
it and yeah act and but like in real
life I wouldn't want to know those
people right they yeah so every timing
yeah and I just feel like you know you
prepare this material and you've you've
worked on it you want to give it a
people yeah you know yeah but a lot of
complaining I made my living out of this
you know so I mean it's just you you
want to be realistic like on somebody's
kid asked you you know what what is it
like you know yeah you know what you
know an audience I hate is an open mic
audience why cuz the other comedians
they're really tense you know what I
mean but the really fucking tense right
because they're thinking it's like an
audition right they're nervous yeah so
you feel it in the air
you'd feel in the air man yeah but if
you can go up and be smooth I remember
Teddy Bergeron going up an open mic
night there's another one I wanted to
stop doin comedy when Teddy was in his
path
first started in 1988 the first night
ever went on Jonathan Katz was hosting
at stitches and Teddy went on and did a
set and I was like good lord his fucking
timing his material everything was so
sharp and so good just seems so
unattainable it seemed so out of reach
yeah so that was a thing like about open
mic nights in Boston like pros would
stop in they'd stop in and let you know
how it really should be going
well I was at the Comedy Store when
Richard Pryor was working shit out and
he'd start on a Monday and he'd go
upbeat bomb didn't matter he's working
the material a week later he had this
unbelievable set yeah I worked with
George Carlin I work with Rodney
Dangerfield that work best part about
being in this business for me is the
people that I've worked with you know
just meeting them and seeing them and
seeing them seeing people great at what
they do you know I'm sure you feel that
way with MMA whatever you know sure yeah
well both comedies well you know I mean
it's um it's been amazing watching
people develop their acts and and know
and just to know that that's that's a
process that we all have to go through
you know the the the process of creating
material it never gets any easier it's
always hard I mean to this day when you
were working out new material it's
probably weird right it's funny the
material seems to come to me ya know
it's I'm at that point where it's just
sort of the events right it you know Bob
Kraft and the whole thing and you know
but here's what I don't like about is
this sound like a bitch session right
now no you sure yeah we just talking
shop okay
what I don't like is it's Trump all day
and then all the late night shows it's
more Trump yeah you know what I mean
there's no escape from this well that's
what they think people want to hear yeah
yeah I don't think it's that creative
though it gets a little tiresome yeah I
think specially after two years yes you
got something really funny to say I
always keep the door open some really
funny you never know you know the you
don't hear stormy Daniels is doing
stand-up now you know that's another
thing
people fucking you know what I mean
she's probably got five minutes of
material if yeah and see that you know
there were guys I think it was Richard
Lewis and Dennis Miller and a couple of
other guys came through Nicks and they
didn't want to close you know they
follow me of course I've watched some of
those sessions and then I said one of
them said you know I'm gonna can i
middle I said sure that I'm gonna get
your money though right he said oh no I
said welcome to fuck your the deadlines
are you know well that I mean I've
followed Jay Leno at the at The Improv
you know you gotta follow people yeah
you gotta follow people but in all
fairness what I used to see and I saw
this many times at Knicks was some poor
fuck who had like a couple of TV credits
on his hot shit and they would go on and
they would headline at Knicks and they
would stack the deck and it would be
horrendous it was you and Lenny and
fucking Knox and all these savages would
go up and Boston style comedy where
there's no breaks it's just fucking
Baghdad right yeah there's a style of
comedy like hey I know you worked all
day you don't wanna hear anybody
bullshitting up here everybody talks
fast and they're fucking funny and Gavin
would go up and no murder and then these
poor bastards would go up after them and
just these people with their TV credits
you would see them just be within five
minutes they'd be lost it'd be very
observational have you ever gone to an
airport well they just only expect that
they would see three world-class
headliners do 50 minutes I'll tell you a
funny story about Nick's Sam Kinison
right he you know he had been up for a
few days obviously but anyway you know I
mean you know the era so I said and Sam
was a good friend of mine he's a nice
guy when he was straight he had a dark
side you know like we all do
yeah but I said Sam this isn't you know
this isn't LA you know these guys
Joey the job and Billy the fraud and
false yeah you know what I mean this
sitting up front and he's Lee you know
how Sam was and I said Sam I'm telling
you these are the wrong guys to piss off
yeah they had to fire him because you
know those guys they'll kill you they
don't they don't have any sense of humor
no no well not only that they don't want
to be fucked with yeah it's just two
bosses so one of the some of the
weirdest people in terms of like the way
the rest of world works they're ready to
fight there's a lot of people that are
ready to fight they'll ready to fight
you then I gotta shoot you or stab you
they're gonna beat the fuck out of you
right they're gonna do it right that in
there it'll happen anywhere it'll happen
at a restaurant will happen at a bar is
one of the last places that we won we
used to tour them ready to break out
well you would see real fistfights yeah
like all the time like Ari Shaffir used
to say that like me and him while we
were leaving Fanueil Hall once and
there's a fucking brawl breaking out in
front of this McDonald's and he's like
you fucking people are savages here I'm
like I'm telling you it's a different
kind of human it's cold for too much the
women are assholes
oh yeah men are assholes everybody's
ready to fight and everyone's drunk it's
a different kind of place well you know
the I grew up in Charleston right they
did a movie about the town and all that
bullshit it's a bullshit movie but
anyway I grew up over there and you
didn't have to win but you had a fight
yeah and my record was probably like two
wins and thirty losses and two you know
there's a lot of draws because they
break it up right away you know but
there were actual fistfights ya know one
time I'm in the projects is kid Davy
ladder he did the one thing you're not
supposed to do he kicked me in the balls
uh-huh and then everybody jumped and
beat the shit out of him the one thing
about kicking people in the balls too
don't ever miss yeah cuz then the other
guy gets very mad it doesn't work as
good as people think it does really it
hurts now were you in street fights I
started fighting to avoid street fights
I know it's very late I wanted to fight
like as an
amateur like in martial arts tournaments
because I was scared of street fights to
me it seemed to me to a are frightening
fucking terrifying you never know what's
gonna happen people follow you around
never know when it's gonna I was scared
of fighting that's why I got into it I
was I just I did not like to you
remember that day when you're in grammar
school the kid offers you out yeah at
8:30 in the morning early in the morning
so free in the afternoon what's that one
down your pants did you just shit
yourself yeah and then you're in the
schoolyard and they're all circling
around you you know it's this whole
thing but my father used to train
fighters boxers over the new garden gym
and me and my brother we would get into
terrible fights and my father never it's
hard I said it's wrong I throw a shot or
anything just give us these big enormous
frickin gloves I just let you go to war
at each other yeah it's weird why don't
he teach you probably tired from
teaching people all day yeah maybe yeah
probably maybe he wanted us to beat the
shit out of each other you know I don't
know that's a good question I just
figured out on your own yeah or it's you
know you I remember coming back and this
kid beat the shit out of me Bobby
Buckley and my father said what are you
doing at home you better go back out
there what fight him again fucking
alright yeah
but I you know there's a lot of
different ways to be like in Charlestown
growing up I mean I was I grew up with
some guys that were like unbelievable
like you know there's a there's a whole
morale thing maybe or a social thing
about say robbing a bank I mean would
that ever freaking cross your mind no
but that's a Charlestown thing that's
one thing I was true about that movie
the town but but what I was in awe of
people that would do it it's like where
do you get the balls that you know and
I'll never forget this friend of my Joey
Rocco who's no longer with us so I see
him up at government somebody remember
government Center
yeah so I see him up there and he's got
like his lunch and I said Joe are you
doing
he's kind of blew me off then I see him
a week later he says hey Swain's what's
up I said what's up you blew me off a
week ago he said oh I'm so sorry I was
waiting to rob crimson travel and I had
my gun there and I was interested as
interrupting his work so he came into
next comedy stopped of 400 people I did
fantastic I was like practically a
standing ovation whatever so Joe's in
the audience right and I so I talked him
afterwards so there's a number of things
he could say like jeez I liked this show
I didn't like your show good for you
getting out of Charlestown he gave me
this look I was like wow it's gonna be a
lot of money in here I said you think
I'm here to case the joint for you it
was unbelievable we used to uh part of
the thing at book shops now growing up
let's see how to shoplift that was did
you do that when you were a kid like
sure I got caught shoplifting candy why
yeah you were bad you probably were
terrified right again terrified I got
brought into a manager's office I think
it was 12
oh yeah I got in trouble I was terrible
till I was so paranoid but anyway there
was a department store called Jordan
Marsh and my job was to catch the
football they'd throw me the football
I'd catch it and run down Tremont's
street so we just you know stole on a
football right so that's that was a gig
so one time I'm up there and uh
this other kid says to me pick up the
end of this Cano I said what he said
grab the end of the Kanoa still in a
fuckin kanuto but so we're walking down
watch that Street in Boston with a Cano
right now hmm I don't know where you're
from but it's not a big item in
Charlestown canoes and the project's you
know what I mean it's like not something
that you couldn't fence it did you take
the Charles River I don't know what we
did with it you do try to you end up
either giving it away or selling it for
like three bucks that was back then the
the river was very very dirty like I
used to swim in that oh that was the
what we used to call the oil ease
because there was so much oil in it
and better now though right didn't they
clean it up a little bit that's what
they say you know they mean they've
they've cleaned up the whole of Boston I
don't recognize boss anymore they got
this part of Boston called the Seaport
it's all these big buildings it's like
freakin Dubai you know there's no kids
there's no neighborhoods no characters
it's all just gentrified and very rich
people know right yeah apparently yeah
what is it like bankers like who's got
all that money that's what I keep asking
myself who does have all this money
yeah Boston is definitely but la is the
same way you know yeah always
no money yeah but there's normal
neighborhoods in LA look around here
like Woodland Hills like wander around
West Hills like yes Studio City there's
normal neighborhoods there's regular
houses there's plenty of but you know
whether normal spots what I've noticed
though is I was in Portland Oregon and
there was a whole like city of homeless
people yeah in LA it's just it's sparkly
it's like Jimmy's on top of an ice cream
you know you got to go to skid row you
never seen anything like it
Skid Row's a homeless City it's insane
there's thousands of homeless people
wandering through the streets they
they've taken over entire neighborhoods
like it is it is bizarre it's bizarre we
used to film Fear Factor downtown we
would film it at these abandoned
warehouses they would rent them out and
we would you know throw people off the
roof and shit and we there was this one
area where you would go where and I'm
not exaggerating there might be a
thousand people on this block like a
concert just let out like they were
having a homeless concert and they're
all just wandering around there's
needles everywhere and tents and garbage
in the streets and and people just
shuffling around walking back and forth
so they I guess there's some homeless
centers you know where people go and get
food and things and shelter it you know
I'm starting to wonder like what's wrong
with me with you because I seem to focus
on that you know every city I go to I
say wow it seems like there's more and
more homeless people and other people
are saying oh let's go to the freedom
trail let's let's look at the beauty of
San Francisco what guys shitting on the
street to me that's like unusual San
Francisco has an app where you could
find where the people are shitting them
not sure we pulled it up before yeah
there's so many people shit in San
Francisco on the street say like my
friend Jake Shields got a photo of this
guy taking a shit right in front of him
just shits brain out of his ass right
into the street from the side no I don't
know what and they just do it in front
everybody yes I don't know why people
you know who's sicker the person with
the app or that guy takin a dump well I
think there's a certain open-mindedness
that San Francisco has a lot of very
progressive open-minded people which is
good but the problem is it opens the
door for some ridiculous stuff like
people shitting on the street too many
homeless people - they're too
open-minded and too liberal
look at that that's the that's the shit
map that's where all the people are
shitting that's that's a dark puddle of
shit where so many people were shitting
on the street in that area and I don't
even know how they clean that up I mean
what do they do they scrape it hose the
street down is that an extra is that
right are they creating jobs let's look
at it on the positive side god maybe
those lesbian my hobby of the parades
when they stab the horses there's
nothing you could do either I mean what
are you gonna do you're gonna give these
people a place to live
you're gonna give these people food
you're gonna give these people money
there's that's not gonna fix their
mental illness the that's what people
don't understand about a lot of these
folks it's not they run on bad luck
that's they're not on bad luck they're
mentally ill they have their brains not
working correctly and if they don't want
to be on medication and they don't have
anywhere to turn they don't have
anywhere to go they're gonna stay there
and they don't have anywhere to shit and
you know they just want to use the
street and I don't know if they could
put up porta-potties and say for
homeless folks only and what can they do
we're not gonna solve that on the Joe
Rogan we might I'm an optimistic person
Stevie those you know I was thinking of
myself you just you know it's just
shitting your pants so anyway we've
covered that what else is two problems
that we have in this country the Salani
a lot of the
I always look why is everybody so pissed
off in this country because everything's
going well so much going well the terms
of the economy in terms of safety in
terms of that because so people are
focusing on other things to be mad at
when we away from war to you know like
you know and when when you don't have to
worry about as much violence people
concentrate on microaggressions that's
one of the things that does happen
there's definitely problems in this
country for sure but I think that part
of the outrage is that people are it's
recreational they're looking to be
outraged about things because there's no
real problems well doing these real
problems people focus on you know when
there's you know what you you have to
really worry about violence or you have
to really worry about health people
focus on you know the good things in
life people are only happy if they have
a certain amount of adversity that they
have to deal with when there's less and
less adversity I find I find that people
become more and more outraged and easier
they're outraged it's small minor
details or they're denying that people
should be allowed to just fuck up and
make some mistakes here and there they
concentrate on those mistakes like it's
the end of the world this person should
be ostracized from society and kicked
out and this is the end well going back
to politics if you get in a discussion
with somebody you agree with mm-hmm you
still end up being pissed off because
you're pissed off at the other side or
the other political thing is you angry
at each other for different points of
view yep
but I always think to myself as I'm sure
you do it's an amazing place to be we
have enough food we have enough water I
myself I think life has two things life
is a gift and life is short
yeah you know in a purpose of life my
opinion is to develop whatever talents
you have and then share it so I can't
agree more
what what a what a place to do it the
best place in the world to do it you
have the opportunity you know and but
you know it's like we I think we do tend
to complicate things what I don't like
is when we let other things get between
us as human beings because it's it's a
whole that's why I like Buddhism
example because you're never gonna see
outside of rare exceptions a Buddhist
country is never going to invade another
country because the whole principle is
mindfulness in other words it's all
within you so you don't have to push
your beliefs on other people like I have
a lot of friends will become Christians
which is great for them but they always
put you in a feel like a put in a box
yeah like have you accepted Jesus you
know how the fucking gonna answer that
you know what I mean
not yet say not yet keep-keep it's on
the way yeah that's right
it's like one of those unanswerable
things you know well it's also a thing
where people can hold Muslims Christians
it seems like they they believe that you
know people have to hear this great
message and if they don't hear it shove
it down your fucking throat I think half
of them don't even think you have to
hear it they just want to have it over
you the Dave they've accepted Jesus into
their life and you haven't so they win
there's a lot of that there's a lot of
that I mean that you see so many
hypocritical Christians that don't
really follow turn the other cheek they
don't really treat everyone as if it's
their brother they don't really do that
they don't really they don't really feel
that way they're not they're not out
there well that's because that's that
that's standard it's like you're gonna
be Jesus right you know I mean Jesus
Christ I mean you know and I mean no pun
intended but who can live up to that
so here's someone can but so there's
proselytizing art no I people that
process eyes anything is like it's very
uh you know it's like what get away from
me yeah well it's a it's a shitty
psychological tack down doesn't work
yeah it just makes people it's we should
talk about it's like when you try to get
people to do things they're less likely
to do those things as soon as you are
angry at them that they're not doing it
they're gonna go the other way people
don't like being told what to do well
it's just like if somebody wants to get
sober right right if you if they are
ready
I work in jails that's one of my
part-time jobs
so what are you doing jails I do
substance abuse stuff in jails so if you
if they're ready
everything you say you're like guru hmm
if they're not ready doesn't matter what
you say right so I do groups in jail I
teach meditation I also teach gold
setting we're doing about six years I've
been in the field of substance abuse for
awhile and it's very rewarding it's not
you know you don't make any money but it
balances the life yeah you know I don't
want to sit around all day most
comedians that's what they have to do
you know they work at night right so
yeah I work at Plymouth Jail
how often you do it two or three days a
week yeah that's good so it's not not
every day no and I take the summers off
- because it's intense yeah I mean I've
had groups you know I had one guy he
came in and you do you do divide people
ethnically white guy but six six big
fucking you know he did state time he
was all jacked and he was wired and he
started complaining about the place and
I said hey this isn't I teach him to
breathe you know like that guy Hoss you
had on your show went off yeah but I
teach him a different method it's just
you breathe in for you hold it for you
let it out it's just a calming breath
mm-hmm so anyway this guy I said hey
place isn't a hotel let's do our
breathing let's relax but you a lot of
guys they can't see they can't see
themselves I can't see contradictions
that one guy he was in he was a Muslim
right so I said so you guys pray like
five times a day how do you know when to
pray and listen to this show he says the
guy said well if I'm doing a heist in
the afternoon you know I'm gonna miss
that prayer you don't see any
contradiction
fucking amazing yeah guy the big giant
guy that was angry or did he have a
certain amount of time before he got out
or was you know for life no no he was he
was on his way out he was coming close
that's what you guys get the most
anxious how long had to be in for he'd
been in for about 17 years it's a very
polite society really prison society is
very polite because every little thing
just picture you're you're trapped with
all these other guys a lot of mental
health shit a lot of stuff but every
little thing is picked up on and reacted
to you know it's like that scene and
heat between De Niro and Pacino where
they're just reacting to each other so
you say can you please pass the salt
look I pass it because at any minute
that's what I try to teach us it's about
impulse control any minute I think it
happened yeah well you know you're
dealing with a bunch of very impulsive
people that also have a very short fuse
they're used to violence violence is one
way of acting out so what I say to them
is I have the same thing but it's not
through violence for me it's like
texting or something you know I react or
I drank yeah you know so it's about
stepping back bang calm yeah it's hard
when you get tripped up with you but you
mind listens to the breath mmm that's
the key rather than going up in your
mind take that breath and you know like
when something's happening like a car
crash or something first impulses hold
your breath don't hold your breath let
you breath out mmm I mean a lot of
traditions have this you know Tai Chi
you know pranayaam in yoga so yeah
breathing is critical it's everything
when wim HOF teaches it you know if you
follow those methods you can you can
really change your physiological state
you can you can get out of a lot of
things you can get you through a lot of
things you know the thing that I don't
buy those that fucking cold water I
don't want to go onto the Arctic like
him holy Sh yes that's cuz you live in
Boston and get get an allergy to cold my
friend Mark Telegraaf a he's ready to go
he's done he's been there for too long
just talking about this weekend a lot of
people they get like that but hit the
wall you know that I think two of the
most boring subjects on earth are like
how cold it is and how wonderful the
weather is out here and then the other
one is how someone lost weight you know
I look at like what makes you think I
give a fuck how you lost this week and
then they'll ask me how somebody else
lost weight like Frank Santa oh he lost
weight and he wanted to tell them it's
jump Frank this isn't this is a car we
have to talk about something with more
substance and then people will say to me
how did Lenny Clarke lose weight it's
like I don't give a shit how he lost
weight you know I'm a self-centered
fucking comedian anyway you know the
good thing about cold weather those it
teaches people character the people out
here that have never had to deal with an
earthquake they don't know any
weather-related nature related hazards
after you stay here it just stays warm
and then it gets a little cool and it
stays warm
I spent one winter out here that I was
was horrible I was trying to get sitcoms
and never getting anything and it rained
every day it was it was horrible and I
was staying in one of these corporate
apartments that Woods Gardens yeah yeah
but it was her initials the cheaper
version and the guy next door was from
Jamaica and it was on the phone all
fuckin night he said this is the only
time I can talk to her it's gotta be
this time a night I'm telling you man
it's real important I'm bangin no it's
going uh-huh yeah how long you been out
here since 94
oh you've been out here a while forever
I've been here more than anywhere else
in my life that's my observation up in
Newton didn't you well I lived there
from I lived in Jamaica Plain from I
guess 13 - yeah 13 - 14 I lived there
for a year and then I lived in Newton
from 14 to 20 and
that I lived in Revere and I lived in
Saugus for a while you got a you got a
reputation for what it's a good
reputation oh it's good yeah what did I
do well it's just what we were just
talking about you have a reputation as a
badass oh that reputation yeah that's a
good thing it's mostly bullshit it well
you had Tyson on yeah and it was
interesting that he didn't want to go
back to it you know Marvin Hagler has
the same problem
oh yeah well he was the only guy that
ever just quit the talk but he won't he
won't punch a bag or anything grills
that thing comes up in him where he he
wants to do it again it's like an
addiction and he's got to be 60 now it's
still ya know welling up inside of him I
respect him so much you know I always
looked up to him when I was fighting
because I remember the discipline that
that guy had like I remember watching
videos of him he was living on the Cape
he would treat his truncate and he would
run and boots combat boots on yeah he
was it was yelling war he was like
getting ready to fight Mustapha
Hampshire and he's running in shadow
boxes yelling war and I'm like thinking
could you imagine if you had a fight
that fucking guy
when he was the middleweight champ in
the world first of all he was chiseled
like he was sculpted out of bronze
didn't even look like I mean he was he
was so jacked for a boxer when you think
about like most boxers they didn't have
that kind of of physique his physique
was like almost like a gymnast you know
when he was in his prime and he just was
so disciplined and so fun and then beat
the fuck out of everybody and then lost
that one very controversial fight to
sugar I was at that fight yeah and then
he was like that's it see ya I've had
enough went to Italy came a fucking
movie star which is crazy he's
apparently I mean I've never seen an
Italian movie with Marvelous Marvin
Hagler in it nobody has I think it's a
myth it might be a myth or eternal can
you see more
broke filmer the rumor was always that
he threw the fight Leonard that he could
have ko Leonard but he did if you all
you had to do is let Leonard go to a
decision you would lose that decision
they pay him a boatload of cash and he
goes to Italy what is this Marvin Hagler
in a movie Jesus Christ oh that's a long
time ago because he looks really young
back oh my god he isn't why don't one's
ever seen those movies Wow
so this is an Italian well you know they
made all those spaghetti western
Eastwood they did all those movies in
Italy oh my god isn't that something
those movies those job look at you look
at he's shooting everybody oh yeah I
wonder well he's still jacked in that
movie that's been doing some kind of
exercising look at him oh you know God
so India it looks like oh this is so
hilarious
this is so hilarious so now you know you
know you know when you do a movie and
the guy hits you you're supposed to move
your head so that he's not actually
hitting you mm-hmm and I hope Marvin
know that I'm sure cuz he yeah thank God
he pulls a punch I did a movie in Boston
called Southie with a guy throws me in a
dumpster and kills me right and they had
to do it over and over I think I just
got out of wall Paul - State
Penitentiary I'm not gonna mention his
name but he's he's the director now out
here as a matter of fact I said hey you
know this is a fuckin movie you know
because he's fire in the fight you know
the shot that the starter's pistol and
he kept throwing me over that guy is in
everything with Brian Dennehy since 1989
yeah India won so 89 was probably just a
few years after he retired how I feel
like he retired somewhere around 86 87
when did he fight Leonard what a what an
era that was oh I was amazing we used to
watch these closed-circuit fights we'd
go to a theater and watch it on a big
screen closer to tell you how many
I got so ripped off because you had
Tyson on I remember driving I was out
here to go to this big fight 50 bucks
and I walked in and Tyson knocked him
out in the first round that was all that
ever happened people were trying out
here he's amazing
yeah yeah but it was its Whitley 787
interesting huh yeah and that was it
he said I'm done so that was only two
years after he retired he's doing movies
but the best John the Beast Mugabi but
Marvin Hagler vs. John the Beast Mugabi
have hair for Mugabe no I remember
seeing Martin with hair at the gardens
well that's yeah did he grow it out for
a goof
no he had a Harley fucking heart he had
an extra inch of skull or something they
were saying no is the side temples giant
temple muscles they said he was almost
like built with dead Mugabe yeah
and Mugabe was a murderous no that's
Thomas Hearns no voices promise that's
Mesabi for sure Mugabe he hit Marvin
Hagler with an uppercut snapped his head
back and this is an uppercut that he was
knocking everybody out but nan Marvin
Marvin took a punch better than anybody
he said the fight only started an I
think Wan Roldan was the only guy that
ever knocked Marvin down but it wasn't a
real knockdown it was a trip and they
counted it as an island down he was a
tremendous fighter you know inside look
at how he gets in soso is Mugabe Mugabe
was a murderer at oh wow I was knocking
everybody out he knocked out Terry
Norris he knocked eat knock people out
dead like you would hit them and they
would go flying but not Marvin Christ
Marvin stood right in front of him and
eventually kayoed him and then Mugabe
was never the same again once you
realized that this motherfucker could
stand right in front of em hell what is
this referee stop what is he doing I
don't know what's going on there that's
Mills Lane hey now that we have a break
in the action I'd like to I'd like to
plug my movie Swaney killing Sweeney
yeah we talked about it it's coming out
come on I want to plug it again plug it
will plug the shit out of it Eric when
it comes out we'll put it on Twitter
right buddy but I appreciate that but he
was that guy Marvin Hagler was to me
like he was the epitome of discipline
you know and I thought about like a
discipline fighter like that was him
always in shape always ready to go and
then the
discipline to never come back that was
amazing to to me I respected the fuck
out of that because fighters never know
when to when to leave he knew when to
leave and to this day I saw him in an
interview recently he's fine
talks completely normal I had some
chowder with him at the Prudential
Center how old how often how long ago
rather that was maybe a year ago he's a
very very regular guy yeah like no no
brain damage no no slur no where it's
fine yeah
that's that's amazing and a fighter can
figure out how to get out before all
that stuff hits but you know how they
feel they feel like no one else should
tell him when to quit
oh of course have you had Mickey Rourke
on this show no haven't ya I would
though because I think that I read he
was fighting at 57 and rusher oh I'm
older than that really he was 62 I think
he was 62 and he had his last fight and
it might have been a fake fight oh
really not gonna lie to you it looks
like that maybe Mickey thought it was
real and the gentleman he was fighting
666 he was 66 and he was in a box in 66
now I believe he was 62 or 63 when he in
his last altercation inside fighting
boxing gyms the old ones were fun to
hang around I remember I was sitting
there with these five guys and we're
talking about some election and they
weren't saying anything and that the guy
said do you realize that we're all
convicted felons like why are you
talking to us about it who vote for you
is that him now
that's Mickey Wow that's in last year
five looking good for 65 looks like he's
at some sort of a homeless shelter or
something where is he getting his
clothes there he's got no shirt on
somewhere in Rome I just saw something
with him and he was doing a we was
walking in a fashion show yeah I've seen
him at the UFC's before he's always
there saying hi he's a nice guy but in
very good shape for his age you know I
mean he used to spar with James Toney
he's too
like one of the things that he did that
was probably very questionable was when
he was at the height of his movie career
he decided
and become a professional box writer but
I think he was a fighter before you get
asked he was but when he stops down in
Miami I think he kind of felt like
acting was fake and that he needed
something real in his life so he's gonna
have some professional fights but
apparently that's why he started getting
all that plastic surgery fucked his face
up his face was no it smashed him you
were an amateur and yeah I got no MMH
kickboxing and Taekwondo kickboxing
there was no MMA when I was fighting it
didn't exist yet at least not in America
Wow I didn't find out so that like being
in the ring kick box house nerve-racking
the thing about it too is there's no
money in it you know what you're
fighting for free and you're you know
you're training for months or weeks or
you know however long it is for this
that you have you're constantly sparring
you're constantly getting kicked and
punched it's uh it's terrible for you
but it's a good thing to learn I think
it's a very important thing to learn to
know how to fight is a very good thing
but to fight you got to know unless
you're doing it professionally you got
to know when to stop you got to know
when and I started getting a lot of
headaches these years yeah I was I was
sparring but that's one thing about
Boston like we're talking about Boston
you know Boston audiences are hard
Boston sparring's hard boss Boston
fighters they fuck there's not a lot of
like technical sparring like when you
technically spar with somebody like if
you hit him you hit him like this you
know you don't hit him full blast
you know you tap each other you know
like so you know like where you making
mistakes there was none of that
it was just swing for the bleachers
every fucking you know it's you know
it's like that that I still go to I love
is the Golden Gloves oh yeah I mean it's
all action 3 rimes some competition what
I'm talking about is training yeah the
real beatings you take her in the gym
the beatings that nobody ever see you
know and you know what's amazing is that
this friend of mine Jimmy Farrell at a
gym in Quincy and I look at these guys
and I say wow this guy's amazing
he said that guy's record it's five wins
and 13 losses and I said that guy I mean
that's how good you have to be them
these guys are like
this there's no well also some they're
inconsistent like a lot of fighters are
very impulsive people so they're often
inconsistent like they'll get in shape
for a few fights and then a few other
fights they'll fuck off they drink too
much they party and then they go and
ring and they lose they lose a close
decision or lose a lose a war isn't a
lot of it about style - sure yeah yeah
my favorite fight ever from a boxing
point of view was Ali and Frazier mm-hmm
because well for one thing was a fight
to the death right I mean they literally
were fighting all three times yeah to
the death but Joe Frazier was an insight
fighter and he was solo mm-hmm and then
Ali would stay away from him and just
jab and it was just a beautiful
exhibition of fighting styles inside
fighting and outside fighting do you
think so anybody listening to this that
is interesting shit they are believing
the left hook that Joe Frazier the left
hook Joe Frazier dropped Muhammad Ali
with when he won the title when he when
he beat him when the Ali's come back and
that was like this is one of the
greatest punches of all time when the
most epic but one of them yeah I mean
just swung that wild left hook and
clipped around the chin and dropped him
it's one of the most iconic photos of
all time is Joe Frazier leaping through
the air landing that left hook on the
jaw a volley and Ali going down I'm
gonna go back okay what are you gonna do
there was a guy named Floyd Patterson
sure who had that he lost his Sonny
listen Sonny Liston I was reading about
Sonny Liston Sonny Liston was a murder
Sonny Liston was one of 25 kids he was
his mother you know whatever was his
father was like a sharecropper wine he
got involved in gangs and all this and
one of those guys you know I think he
ended his career a shot or something to
died no I died of a drug overdose oh
I'll go over I think he ended his career
as a like a bouncer in Vegas yeah you
know I got doorman or something like
that right to see you know but one of
those one of those guys like Joe Lewis
whatever
yeah those big guys that end up yeah you
know it's a funny funny sport
do you ever watch that fight with him in
Floyd Patterson not that one oh yeah I
think I may have terrifying but I
remember when I'm old enough to remember
when Cassius Clay beat Sonny mm-hmm
yeah be him to Mars he was like eight to
one that was another fight where a lot
of people thought it was fixed the
second fight Lewiston Maine yeah hits
punch well was that you could see the
punch is said they said to call it a
phantom punch you could see the punch
but it was like he called it an anchor
punch because it's like as Liston was
coming forward he dropped it down on him
like that and a lot of people say it
didn't land but you could see his head
react it definitely landed the question
was whether or not he decided to stay
down once he got hit and I think he did
if you watch it just doesn't look
realistic I give you watch when he goes
down the way he went down scene may be
legit but the way stumbled around it he
didn't stumble around like a guy whose
central nervous system got jacked here
we were watching right here oh wow what
a great producer you've got the best
watch this look at this pink see that's
a real punch 100% and the drug that him
dropping is real - there's no doubt
about it the question was whether that
was enough to take him out look at that
bank it could have but watch the case
see if you could find the knockout Jamie
because the what's not what's crazy
about it wasn't him dropping him cuz I
think that was legit what's crazy was
how afterwards he stumbled around like
he couldn't move like he couldn't get up
it just didn't seem real we just had it
there a long explanation I don't know if
they're gonna show the actual thing well
they they just showed him trying to get
up that kind of like Kevin Spacey here
it is here it is play it watch here's
the punch boom now watch he goes down
and he just sort of laid down on his
back and then he kind of stumbled around
and acted like he couldn't get up they
just keep showing it over and over again
it was a hundred percent of legitimate
punch and people who say it's not
they've never seen people get Kayode
because people get K out in all sorts of
weird ways it doesn't really make sense
like it's a human being getting punched
the face weird shit happens especially
you get punched on the jaw like people
get touched with like a jab sometimes
and they go out it doesn't make sense
and also sometimes here it is it's right
here it's also sometimes it's weird
because you might have gotten hurt real
bad in training so a lot of guys come in
to these fights and they're already
injured they just pump right there now
let's watch them stumble around so he
goes down and he lays down on his back
see this is where I'm not buying it this
he just seems like horse shit but I
could be wrong
now he's stumbling see like right there
that seemed like he decided to stumble
and go down and he's trying to get back
up I could be wrong I could be wrong but
I'm not buying it and so the referee was
Jersey Joe Walcott who's a very famous
yeah champion of his own but now they
still a vital stop the fight I don't
know I don't remember I don't remember
well you know the first fight 5th round
I think it was Liston put some white
stuff on his gloves yeah and he blinded
this is how crooked the game was he
blinded Ali yeah Cassius Clay
so listen wasn't above you know cheating
yeah do you remember that fighter oh my
god this is so frightening he wrapped
something in his arrest oh yeah sounds
junior no it took all the padding out of
his gloves back in the day the they used
to use horsehair with the gloves and you
could you could put a little hole in the
gloves and pull the padding out and
Louis resto Panama Lewis was his trainer
and Panama Lewis was also the same guy
that gave Aaron Pryor that little jab
cocaine right before he knocked out
Alexis Arguello remember I mean they
think it was cocaine he said give me the
other bottle the one that I prepared he
gives it to Aaron Pryor and then Aaron
Pryor goes out and starches Alexis
Arguello and they had a crazy war of a
fight and then he gives him something in
this little bottle and then Aaron Pryor
goes out like a bat out of hell and went
and the
question was always what was in that
bottle because there was no
sophisticated drug testing back then but
Panama Lewis
but there was one of them that actually
put cement or something in their gloves
there was that that was a more recent
one that was that Mexican gentleman that
fought uh who did he do that - is that
the redhead no no no no no no no no he
doesn't doesn't fight anymore
fuck I'm drawing a blank on his name but
he he beat up some really prominent
fighters that way for the fuck did he
there was a one fight in particular boy
I'm seeing the guy in my face you know
yes Antonio Margarito who pull up his
record cuz he did it - he did it - some
like legit fighters and really beat them
up and they were like it didn't even
make sense how hard he was hitting me
because he he would put plaster of Paris
apparently inside the rap and Al Cotto
that's who it was right and then Miguel
Cotto beat the shit out of him the
rematch - Shane Mosley Sugar Shane
Mosley beat the fuck out of him when
they found this see after he knocked out
Miguel Cotto we beat him up in the
eleventh round he stopped him it was a
horrible stoppage to he beat the shit
out of him then the Shane Mosley fight
was the fight that he lost that was the
next fight in during the wrapping of the
gloves Shane Mosley's camp was school
what the fuck is in his raps they
recognized it and had him to rewrap his
hands and then Shane Mosley beat his
fucking ass and then he beat Robert
Garcia and then Manny Pacquiao fucked
him up and then Miguel Cotto fucked him
up but the Miguel Cotto fight the first
one it was it was bad I mean his face
was busted up and pray and that's when
people had suspicions but they didn't
know until they saw the wrapping of the
gloves and then they looked at every one
of his fights before that they were go
oh this motherfucker has played you ever
see them losing that city Fat City Stacy
Keach it's about club fighters down at
Stockton fantastic movie I don't know
whatever bridges first movies yeah and
John Huston directed it one of the best
fight movies ever this fight that I was
talking about earlier the lowest o fight
this Billy Collins junior guy was uh he
was an
up-and-coming contender and he was
blinded in the fight and he could never
fight again
Wow this kid that he fought Louie resto
they pulled all the padding out of the
gloves and he just fucked up this guy's
face to the point where you know I had
detached retinas and he couldn't see
straight I lent him an alcoholic
afterwards when there he is right there
look at his face Wow yeah and it became
a really big a big store salt with a
deadly weapon yeah I think at the end of
the other guy's life or at some point he
admitted that he did it there was some
documentary about it that the guy
finally admitted that he was using you
know have done that forever people have
done that forever I was sparring with a
guy once and I went to touch his gloves
and I was like what the fuck your gloves
and his padding had all been it was
those old-style old-style boxing gloves
the padding they've all been pushed back
and it was like it was all like almost
raw knuckle people are assholes
yeah I've experienced that before what's
interesting now is that people are
actually fighting bare knuckle there's a
whole bare-knuckle boxing organization
out of why don't you have all your
knuckles yeah they're all there someone
broke in I won that was broken yeah oh
wow
mousse weird yeah Lix that was Bobby
Selvi snows Bobby's Salvi is there a
more fucking Boston named Bobby salary
Bobby said I'll be I fucking hit him
with a fucking overhand fucking lefty
plaque I went down like I'm walking
track operators you know what's good -
is the rap you know when guys gonna
fight you know like rap it and well no
it's a I used to beat guys like you up
on the way to a fight practice fall an
asshole you know like it's just like a
basketball you know that the trash talk
trash intel yeah yeah sometimes it works
there's the thing about when somebody
gets inside your head someone's really
mean that that I was kind of thinking
that when you see Liston and Ali right
yeah how could like it looked like
Liston was like afraid of him how could
he be well you know he go back he's a
stronger the reason why and this is Ali
did this on purpose he acted like a
crazy person because he's like that
Sonny Liston was a bully and Sonny
Liston was a big scary
and what he felt like Sonny Liston would
be afraid of as a crazy person someone
who wasn't afraid of him so when all the
press conferences and all the different
things leading up to the fight he would
scream at him he would show up at Sonny
Liston's house and honked the horn in
the middle of the night and get on his
lawn and scream and yell at him like he
did a lot of crazy shit to Sonny Liston
to fuck with him psychologically he
wants something he did he did it
psychologically there he wanted Sonny
Liston to think that he was a crazy
person and that you know that he would
never stop yeah and that's I mean he
essentially did it and there was one
point in time when they were see we just
let me hear some of this he yeah he let
him know he wasn't scared of him and
they were doing his blood pressure and
his blood pressure was so high his heart
rate was so hard they weren't gonna let
him fight they like doing funny Oh No
alleys he had to calm himself down cuz
he got himself worked up into a lather
he was just so so angry and so you know
so hyped up trying to act like a crazy
person then when they were doing his
pre-fight medicals they were like hey
you know like you can't fight your
fucking there's something wrong with you
and this here it is they're calming him
down he had to relax and calm down I
don't look great if I don't grace by the
time I beat him oh he was just so so
smart at like psychological warfare
there'd never been any anybody like him
psychologically that could just he would
first of all he was very funny
he would say hilarious shit like Howard
Cosell to set some Tramp the champion
seem very truculent he goes whatever
truculent is if it's good on that the
timing was just perfect he so he would
you know say things that were funny
he would say poetry he had that guy
bundini brown behind him yeah and they
were always you know they were always
like laughing and joking around together
like he had a tremendous support team
and on top of that he could fight his
fucking ass off and he was a heavyweight
that moved around like a middleweight
unbelievable I mean he was a 200 and
plus pound 215 220 pound man and he
would shuffle and move and bob and weave
and he would be out there almost like a
welterweight he's the greatest boy it's
hard to say who's the greatest
heavyweight of all time but he's
certainly in the conversation I mean you
would have to say how would he have done
against some of the bigger stronger guys
of the past like a Lennox Lewis who you
know was in his prime the high 240-pound
range he was a much bigger much bigger
guy but there was nobody like you see
Holly also comes in two stages
there's ollie before 1967 when they took
his license away and there's Ollie after
1970 when he came back and when he came
back he was never as fast he was never
as fleet of foot because he didn't work
out at all for three years he didn't do
shit I mean this you know and when he
came back his return fight he just
didn't look right he didn't look like he
had the same movement his body didn't
have the same musculature he just he
thought Jerry no wasn't Eric or Jerry
quarry that's how it was and he beat him
you know he beat him up but he just
didn't look like than the anomaly that
fought like he still go to boxing
matches
yeah yeah I'll still go to boxing
matches I love watching on TV yeah yeah
I try not to go to many live events
anymore cuz I'm I go to so many of them
with the UFC you know you know it's hard
for me to go and you know go go see more
of them live but I do enjoy them you
know yeah it's nothing like being
ringside for Golden Gloves have you ever
been to a UFC fight no will you come
I'll get you tickets sure next time
we're in Boston I'll hook it up all
right we go to Boston almost every year
okay yeah yeah I love that some big
fights together in Boston yeah I want
you to go it's crazy it's wild to see it
live I'll get you get you right there on
the floor
right in front of the cage it's amazing
yeah something something unique it'll be
a good date yeah it's um it's way Wilder
like when you get used to watching the
UFC
sometimes it's I mean I really
appreciate boxing I love it as a sport I
love it as a just as a martial art I
appreciate the elite of the elite but
it's it's not as wild the UFC because
there's takedowns and kicks and
strangleholds and armbars it's just way
more wild yeah its way it's way more
exciting like a street fight it's like a
super technical street fight between
trained killers that's what it's like
yeah that's yeah yeah well listen I want
to thank you
oh well thank you no I mean it I want to
thank you I mean listen but me when I
was coming up like a boxing show we just
fit who cares they say you don't have it
Mohammad we can do whatever we want man
that's the beautiful thing about podcast
yeah whatever the fuck you want yeah but
you were a big inspiration of mine
English you and and all those legends of
Boston comedy and to this day I think I
saw some of the best comedy of my life
ever when I was a young man coming up
and when I was just starting out and you
know opening for guys like you and you
know you know you know what made it
special is nobody was doing it as a job
we were all just doing it yeah cuz they
said I want to do this yeah yeah you
know and there was no fourth thought or
afterthought it was just I mean that's
what I'd still love about performing you
know acting or stand-up is you're in the
moment right right you're in the moment
well Fitzsimmons is is a good buddy of
mine and Greg Fitzsimmons we started out
together yeah we talked about it to this
day that back then we didn't think of
having a career like what are you
talking about a career though the best
thing that we could ever envision was
one day would be able to pay our bills
doing stand-up comedy that's right
that's all we would hopeful yeah because
I would look at guys like you or all the
the the Boston guys that were getting
you know they were making a living I was
like these guys you know Jesus I watched
those guys myself and I was in awe guys
like Kenny Rogers sent us a sure what a
mind yeah Stephen right I mean they do
things I can't - you know yeah and they
did the way they can create jokes Oh
did a movie with rod name back to school
and I just watched him you know create
these jokes yeah you know like the one
line like a haiku poem I go to the
dentist the other day for yellow teeth
he says wear a brown tie you know your
minds going in one direction yeah I'll
tell you another guy who was a fantastic
joke writer he could eat the jokes he
did he couldn't you couldn't do now is
Martin Mull Martin Mull from him Martin
Mull from that television show Oh Sharon
wood tonight he was on The Tonight Show
and Johnny said how you doing and he
said Johnny I'm his busiest jumper
cables at a Puerto Rican wedding you
couldn't do that joke today so he say
said watching roots for 20 minutes no
one scored a basket I turned it off by
the way that's Martin wall it's not me
and it's not Joe did you like the the
documentary when stand up stood out I
did not participate in that how come
because I didn't want my family to go
through watching that how so what do you
mean was about the decadence of it all
and drugs and all that I'm I like to
think you know the important thing is to
work yeah you know well it was a little
bit about the decadence but it was also
about ice apparently Crimmins and those
batteries a very very was very sad but I
was very happy to know him and I used to
say to Barry I'd be on a gig with Barry
and I'd say Barry you're making these
people are here to drink you're making
references to the third under secretary
of states policy and freakin Uganda you
know they're not gonna get it yeah so
you can't get mad at them for not
getting it
but he was you know I didn't agree with
his politics at all but he really meant
it
yes so I respected that well he's a very
smart guy and he also had extremely
powerful ethics like he was one of no.1
respected any hacks in Boston many
thieves were
punished as it was it was because of
Barry like you had to have original
material and everybody policed it it was
a very unique environment because a lot
Rodney Dangerfield said that he said
when somebody steals a joke from me
it's like slickly they're hitting him
onto my kids or something yeah do you
feel that personal you know well you
know how it is when you're working on a
bid and it doesn't work well in the
beginning and then you know it takes
months to figure out how to twist it and
affect it and then someone comes along
and takes the finished product it's it's
a horrific thing yeah you know but Barry
made sure that that environment of
Boston was not it was it wasn't just
that it wasn't there was no there was no
thieves it was also no hacks like if you
were doing like cop doughnut jokes or
shit like he would just fucking spin
your face he didn't want none of that
you know Barry was a and he was a scary
guy man I remember when I was an au pair
I was so intimidated by him when he
started being nice to me I was like huh
whoo I made it through I'm so worried
that he was gonna hate me that's was so
worried he was and I hate me well I was
worried that all those guys gonna hate
me and you guys were all really yes
isn't that varible are you terrible when
you're first starting out and you see
guys like you and Gavin and I was always
you know I was felt like I was never
gonna be inside I was never gonna make
it you know oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I was
that's felt like it was unattainable and
you guys were the the king and now like
I said you open for me you're gonna
gonna hit the big time
that's what the movies about by the way
it's Boston comedy yeah we shoot it at
the kowloon we shoot it downtown and we
shoot her all over the city it's about
Boston it's about comedy and I hope
people come out and see it tonight
Thursday it's at the Lemire Music Hall
here in Beverly Hills oh is it really
this Thursday yes shit do you want to go
yeah I would love to go what time is it
7:30 I have a show at 8:00 I'm at The
Improv oh shit well either even if I
can't make it on Thursday I'm definitely
yeah I'm at The Improv at 8 o'clock
unfortunately but I spent a lot of
nights at The Improv yeah
on Melrose and home yeah but was there
it was great those audiences were
fantastic they still are to this day
I've been doing a lot I'm there tomorrow
night I'm there Thursday night as well
I'm there I'm trying to do more shows
there cuz I'll mix it up cuz I mostly
just do the Comedy Store when I'm in
town in the Ice House in Pasadena did
you ever do that place I think so how
long you in town for Friday morning I'm
flying out oh yeah what are you doing
tomorrow night you want to do a set of
the improv sure all righty Tuesday
tomorrow it's Tuesday yeah why not come
on baby all right that'll be fun you get
on oh yeah you're gonna be on okay yeah
it'll be hot then people know you from
the show all right yeah thank you my
pleasure
um so when you decided to do this this
this movie about Boston comedy and you
didn't want to do that that when
stand-up stood out documentary that was
many years ago
what what is so you you knew it was just
gonna be about the decadence of but
there's also documenting what stand-up
was like and I didn't know what guys I
didn't know what it would be so you just
decided yeah I didn't know you know you
know was one of those decisions you know
it's like sometimes you make decisions
that are really fucked up like remember
Ed McMahon had a show what was it
starved with our search know was
something Ed McMahon had this wasn't he
Star Search yeah we start with it was
that what it was
Kevin James one so so I'm auditioning
for this show and I'm saying Here I am
auditioning for show I don't want to do
and I've been turned down you know so I
said wow this is this is awful I did a
lot of that edition sitcoms that I
really didn't want and then or movies
rather that I really didn't want and do
you like if they had him anyway
no no I retired I'm retired 100% from
acting Wow yeah last movie I did was a
Kevin James movie but it's Kevin's a
buddy of mine
yeah and now I would do something with
him just for forgive but I don't enjoy
acting I don't enjoy sitcoms I don't
enjoy actors I like comics too much yeah
I like hanging around with comedians so
much the one I'm hanging around
actors I'm like God I wish you guys were
comics because comics Dave them how many
filter they're loose yeah where you
stand it is so you know where you stand
with them if they like you they really
like it and they're accepting of weird
shit and flaws like yeah it's fucking
crazy what he gonna do funny though you
know the little people say shit like
that like you know what they used to say
to me say are all these comedians on
drugs and I'd say no only the good one
George Carlin and Richard Pryor yeah
yeah yeah well this they're the wild
impulsive people but a lot of them you
know like Bill Hicks got off the drugs
and was probably even better when he was
off the drugs yeah it had a lot of great
drug stories oh yeah it did you look
back and there are great stories as long
as you can look back yeah and as long as
they're just stories yeah as long as
you're not in jail and as long as you
get through and they're funny when you
look back but they're not so funny when
you're in the middle of it well the ding
ho when you guys were starting now that
was that was the legendary place that
was what we'd all I had come a little
bit too late I think the Dino and host
was always there was a bartender there
named Henry and I'd always asked this
crazy question I'd say see an asshole or
is he Chinese
so it's like you know mutually exclusive
you know Chinese you know you don't know
if they're pissed off it's like oh well
you do you want Sweeney it's when
they're not here Sweeney again you know
I'm on the phone yeah I'm Sweeney yeah
Sweeney did not tell we don't know what
Sweeney
you know I'm Sweeney I'm trying to get
in there you
you got the ding ho that was that was
wild the guy lost the place in a
dominoes game no name was shun Lee and
he was compulsive gambler so it was a
Chinese restaurant with a theater like
oral oh it was restaurant the ding whole
restaurant but there was a stage and
there was a stage but the you know one
time came in the doors will lock - you
lost it and what you guys would think of
as a card game but apparently they
played Domino's gambling you know how
did it get started how did ding ho gets
krumins crimin started yeah kremens so
what was going on before then there was
no comedy club no comedy and what year
was this
I don't know I don't remember anything
what had to be like the 7a Tomatoes the
90s I don't remember data but but it
closed in 84 right I don't remember what
was I think he closing 84 because it was
gone like it was a legend when I came
around I came around 88 and people like
ha you missed the ding ho once we all
had our own shows there I was Sunday
nights and I'd do all these crazy
characters I was just trying to you know
find out what do I want to do you know
so I was doing like characters right but
one week that's when the magic happened
is Peeta love Sally from The Tonight
Show came in and at the time the Tonight
Show was The Tonight Show he saw Stephen
right and the next week Stephen Wright
was on The Tonight Show it was amazing
you know because with every what we were
catapulted from Inman square freaking
Chinese restaurants who Johnny Carson
who was amazing was wonderful when did
the other club start opening up it was
after that when they when people found
out there was some money in it you know
but then that I was in the suburbs and
yeah it was all over the place do you
remember that there was one time where
there was duck soup a cross soup was
Nick's calmly stopped down the street
from Nick's comedy stop was the
combination action and above it was
common at the Charles Playhouse remember
Mike Clark was booking comedy that
Charles Playhouse for a while so there
was four clubs on the same block that's
right in Boston and you know what they
were all filled the same guys were
working on all of them and everybody was
shuffling right yeah but the shows were
filled it's like they couldn't write
remember when Nick's was doing three
shows in three different rooms yeah they
were doing the disco downstairs they had
the smaller middle room and then they
had the upper one Saturday night I did
stitches which was on calm out I did
three shows there I did four and they I
did about nine shows in one night Wow
and at the end of the night I was just
I'm saying the audience did I already do
that joke and I was so tired
yeah I was like I'd be like setting it
up and then what's the fucking punch
line of this shit yeah you know in
diminishing returns sometimes you're not
even they
King about what you're doing right and
they're not laughing and I say then you
say well you realize you're not saying
it right you're not delivering it and
you know then you deliver it and they
laugh and then there's this other voice
in your mind saying wow that's
interesting if I change my voice they'll
laugh and it's like me watching me do
this yeah that's crazy
yeah you know I mean I can remember if
you want to hear a horrible coke story I
was down in New York I was up for a show
called not necessarily the news I
remember that so we backstage at catch a
rising star and that place you know when
somebody comes out to see on these shows
they're always late so I'm downstairs
and the guy says they're not here yet
all right do you want to do a wine I
said all right you know so I did it and
now so now time is going faster because
you fucked up and I said they here yet
they said well you just asked five
minutes ago no they're not here do you
want to do another wine I said you know
okay
okay so I get by the time I'm on stage
just like fuckin you know there's no
comedy you know when you're jamming
looks like that the intensity is fucking
unbelievable on stage like this right so
they were there to see me and I go out
and I did this and I was like setting up
a joke and not doing the punchline and
starting shit and ideas and it was
fucked up it was like Charlie Sheen you
know what it means that there's no dots
to put together not supposed to make any
sense
I go off and I said to the kid how was
it he said how was it
you're supposed to do 25 minutes you did
four minutes I said I thought I was out
there for like an hour
that's fucking off this is when I think
of those days when did you quit
26 years what was the reason you know
when I talk to kids they they say that
sometimes what
and the closest thing I can say is
something we'd say in the program I was
sick and tired of being sick and tired
I was always exhausted yeah yeah always
tired right yeah so then I came back to
life you know and now I enjoy every day
beautiful yeah and I enjoyed being on
this show enjoyed having you
thanks bud x-man appreciate you for real
right thanks sir I hope we can do it
again we will and you're gonna be the
Improv tomorrow night a p.m. show all
right you know what I'll come and watch
you come on motherfucker now you say you
are you went on a date
yes well I'm on I close I'm on last so
I'll go on it like 9:00 it's not my time
yeah I'll do five minutes all right
beautiful all right sweetie ladies and
gentlemen and sweetie sweetie you can
get it on iTunes in a couple of days
pre-order thanks sir all right
[Applause]
[Music]